Add NAV to adopters.md (#1012)
flatcar/flatcar: adopters.md

      D: Genesis Cloud is using Flatcar Linux as the base for its public cloud offering for instances with GPUs and other accelerators
      L: https://genesiscloud.com/
      C: Slack: @Philipp Riederer / @Lukas Stockner

    * N: Norwegian Labor and Welfare Administration (NAV)

>       D: The largest Norweigan government agency have been using Flatcar since 2021 to run all of their on-prem Kuberntes clusters enabling application teams become more autonomous and to build better welfare services and deliver then with a higher velocity then before.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      D: The largest Norwegian government agency has been using Flatcar since 2021 to run all of their on-prem Kubernetes clusters enabling application teams to become more autonomous and to build better welfare services and deliver them with a higher velocity then before.
```
